zigbee: Introduce groups shell cmds and extend exitsting cmds to handle groups [KRKNWK-9560] (#7122)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/zigbee/shell.rst

    The payload requires the **little-endian** byte order.

    To send a request using binding table entries, set ``dst_addr`` and ``ep`` to ``0``.

>     To send as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To send as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to a group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
```

    In this case, the ``zcl ping`` command does not measure time after sending the ping request.

----

.. _zcl_groups_add:

zcl groups add
==============

Add remote node to the group.

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   zcl groups add *h:dst_addr* *d:ep* [-p h:profile] *h:group_id*

Send Add Group command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` and add it to the group ``group_id``.

> Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional, Home Automation Profile is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional  (Home Automation Profile is used by default).
```

> This command can be sent as groupcast. To send command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be sent as groupcast.
To send the command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to a group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1:
```

.. code-block::

   > zcl groups add 0x1234 10 0x4321
   Response command received, group: 0x4321, status: 0
   Done

> This command sends the Add Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.2) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to join group ``0x4321``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Add Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.2) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to join the group ``0x4321``.
```
Please apply globally to other similar lines in the file.

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 2:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups add 0x1234 10 -p 0x0104 0x3210
   Response command received, group: 0x3210, status: 0
   Done

This command sends the Add Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.2) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to join group ``0x3210``.

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 3:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups add 0x3210 0 0x1000
   Done

> This command sends the Add Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.2) as groupcast to devices that belongs to the group ``0x3210``, asking them to join group ``0x1000``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Add Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.2) as groupcast to devices that belong to the group ``0x3210``, asking them to join group ``0x1000``.
```

----

.. _zcl_groups_add_if_identify:

zcl groups add_if_identify
==========================

> Add the endpoints on the remote nodes to the group if the endpoints are are in Identify mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the endpoints on the remote nodes to the group if the endpoints are are in the Identify mode.
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>    zcl group add_if_identify *h:dst_addr* *d:ep* [-p h:profile] *h:group_id*

Reviewer 2: The command should be zcl group**s**

Author: Nice catch!

> Send Add Group If Identifying command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` and add it to the group ``group_id`` if the endpoint on the remote node is in Identify Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send Add Group If Identifying command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` and add it to the group ``group_id`` if the endpoint on the remote node is in the Identify Mode.
```

> Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional, Home Automation Profile is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional (Home Automation Profile is used by default).
```

> This command can be sent as groupcast. To send command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be sent as groupcast.
To send the command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to a group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1:
```

.. code-block::

   > zcl groups add_if_identify 0x1234 10 0x4321
   Done

> This command sends the Add Group If Identifying command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.7) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to join group ``0x4321`` if is in Identify Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Add Group If Identifying command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.7) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to join group ``0x4321`` if is in the Identify mode.
```

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 2:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups add_if_identify 0x1234 10 -p 0x0104 0x3210
   Done

> This command sends the Add Group If Identifying command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.7) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to join group ``0x3210`` if it is in Identify Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Add Group If Identifying command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.7) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to join group ``0x3210`` if it is in the Identify mode.
```

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 3:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups add_if_identify 0x3210 0 0x1000
   Done

> This command sends the Add Group If Identifying command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.7) as groupcast to devices that belongs to the group ``0x3210``, asking them to join group ``0x1000`` if they are in Identify Mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Add Group If Identifying command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.7) as groupcast to devices that belongs to the group ``0x3210``, asking them to join group ``0x1000`` if they are in the Identify mode.
```

----

.. _zcl_groups_get_member:

zcl groups get_member
=====================

Get group membership from the remote node.

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>    zcl group get_member *h:dst_addr* *d:ep* [-p h:profile] [h:group IDs ...]

Reviewer 2: The command should be zcl group**s**

> Send Get Group Membership command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` to get which groups from provided group list the endpoint on the remote node is part of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send Get Group Membership command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` to get which groups from the provided group list are including the endpoint on the remote node.
```

> If no group ID is provided, remote node is requested to response with all groups it is part of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no group ID is provided, the remote node is requested to response with information about all groups it is part of.
```

> Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional, Home Automation Profile is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional (Home Automation Profile is used by default).
```

> This command can be sent as groupcast. To send command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be sent as groupcast.
To send the command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
```

> Response from the remote node is parsed and printed only if command was sent as unicast.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Response from the remote node is parsed and printed only if the command was sent as unicast.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1:
```

.. code-block::

   > zcl groups get_member 0x1234 10
   short_addr=0x1234 ep=10 capacity=13 group_cnt=3 group_list=0x4321,0x3210,0x1000,
   Done

> This command sends the Get Group Membership command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.4) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to respond with list of groups the device is part of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Get Group Membership command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.4) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to respond with the list of groups that include the device.
```

> 
> .. code-block::
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 2:

.. code-block::

```

   > zcl groups get_member 0x1234 10 -p 0x0104 0x4321 0x3210
   short_addr=0x1234 ep=10 capacity=13 group_cnt=3 group_list=0x4321,0x3210,
   Done

> This command sends the Get Group Membership command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.4) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to respond with list of groups the device is part of and that are present in the group list received in the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command sends the Get Group Membership command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.4) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to respond with the list of groups that include the device and that are present in the group list provided in the command.
```

----

.. _zcl_groups_remove:

zcl groups remove
=================

> Remove the ondpoint on the remote node from the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Remove the endpoint on the remote node from the group.
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   zcl groups remove *h:dst_addr* *d:ep* [-p h:profile] *h:group_id*

Send Remove Group command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` and remove it from the group ``group_id``.

> Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional, Home Automation Profile is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional (Home Automation Profile is used by default).
```

> This command can be sent as groupcast. To send command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be sent as groupcast.
To send the command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1:
```

.. code-block::

   > zcl groups remove 0x1234 10 0x4321
   Response command received, group: 0x4321, status: 0
   Done

This command sends the Remove Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.5) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to remove itself from the group ``0x4321``.

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 2:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups remove 0x1234 10 -p 0x0104 0x3210
   Response command received, group: 0x3210, status: 0
   Done

This command sends the Remove Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.5) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to remove itself from the group ``0x3210``.

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 3:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups remove 0x3210 0 0x1000
   Done

This command sends the Remove Group command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.5) as groupcast to devices that belongs to the group ``0x3210``, asking them to remove itself from the group ``0x1000``.

----

.. _zcl_groups_remove_all:

zcl groups remove_all
=====================

> Remove the remote node from all groups.

Author: Yes, will apply in the remaining help msgs too

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   zcl groups remove_all *h:dst_addr* *d:ep* [-p h:profile]

Send Remove All Groups command to the endpoint ``ep`` to the remote node ``dst_addr``.

> Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional, Home Automation Profile is used by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional (Home Automation Profile is used by default).
```

> This command can be sent as groupcast. To send command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command can be sent as groupcast.
To send the command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
```

> Example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example 1:
```

.. code-block::

   > zcl groups remove_all 0x1234 10
   Done

This command sends the Remove All Groups command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.6) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to remove itself from all groups.

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 2:

.. code-block::
```

   > zcl groups remove_all 0x1234 10 -p 0x0104
   Done

This command sends the Remove All Groups command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.6) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10`` with profile set to ``0x0104``, asking it to remove itself from all groups.

> 
> .. code-block::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Example 3:

.. code-block::
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

   zcl groups get_member *h:dst_addr* *d:ep* [-p h:profile] [h:group IDs ...]

Send Get Group Membership command to the endpoint ``ep`` of the remote node ``dst_addr`` to get which groups from the provided group list are including the endpoint on the remote node.
If no group ID is provided, the remote node is requested to response with information about all groups it is part of.
Providing profile ID ``profile`` is optional  (Home Automation Profile is used by default).
This command can be sent as groupcast.
To send the command as groupcast, set ``dst_addr`` to a group address and ``ep`` to ``0``.
Response from the remote node is parsed and printed only if the command was sent as unicast.

Example 1:

.. code-block::

   > zcl groups get_member 0x1234 10
   short_addr=0x1234 ep=10 capacity=13 group_cnt=3 group_list=0x4321,0x3210,0x1000,
   Done

This command sends the Get Group Membership command (ZCL specification 3.6.2.3.4) to the device with the short address ``0x1234`` and endpoint ``10``, asking it to respond with the list of groups that include the device.

Example 2:

.. code-block::

> 

Reviewer: Remove one unneeded line.

Author: done

   zdo bind on *h:source_eui64* *d:source_ep* *h:dst_addr*
               *d:dst_ep* *h:source_cluster_id* *h:request_dst_addr*

.. note::

>     To bind the device to a group address, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``dst_ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To bind the device to a group address, set ``dst_addr`` to a group address and ``dst_ep`` to ``0``.
```

   zdo bind off *h:source_eui64* *d:source_ep* *h:dst_eui64*
                *d:destination_ep* *h:source_cluster_id* *h:request_dst_addr*

.. note::

>     To unbind the device from a group address, set ``dst_addr`` to group address and ``dst_ep`` to ``0``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To unbind the device from a group address, set ``dst_addr`` to a group address and ``dst_ep`` to ``0``.
```
